Databricks integrations (#2823)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/component-guide/model-deployers/databricks.md

---
description: >-
  Deploying models to Databricks Inference Endpoints with Databricks
---

# Databricks

Databricks Model Serving or Mosaic AI Model Serving provides a unified interface to deploy, govern, and query AI models. Each model you serve is available as a REST API that you can integrate into your web or client application.

This service provides dedicated and autoscaling infrastructure managed by Databricks, allowing you to deploy models without dealing with containers and GPUs.

{% hint style="info" %}

> Databricks Model deployer can be considered as a managed service for deploying models MLflow way, This means you can switch between MLflow and Databricks Model Deployer without changing your pipeline code even for custom complex models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Databricks Model deployer can be considered as a managed service for deploying models using MLflow, This means you can switch between MLflow and Databricks Model Deployers without changing your pipeline code even for custom complex models.
```
